>> Speaker 1: Will subscribers
to the store be re rendered.
>> Ben Hong: If you
compose stores together?
>> Speaker 1: Yeah, I'm thinking it
was a minute ago they asked it, so
it must have been during the.
>> Ben Hong: Yeah, okay, so I'll answer
that because I think that's an interesting
question in itself then if
they clarify otherwise.
So this is one thing I do think VUE
does really well because of the way
the reactivity.
Reactivity system is written with proxies.
Vue very rarely, to be honest,
React deals with this a lot,
which is like you have some state
derived from this other state and
because this state updates, it triggers
the rerender on this other state.
And so, it's like performance thing
that they frequently have to deal with.
But to be honest, for those of us that
use vue, that's actually very honestly,
I don't ever think it's
an issue just because.
Again, because VUE understands that, yes,
you're composing your stores together,
they're dependent on each other,
but if it's not in a context
where rendering is necessary.
Unless you're triggering an update
that goes up that way intentionally,
you're really just calling a value
to derive another value they're
usually very good about.
And so that's one of the things that,
if you haven't heard about VUE Vapor,
this is a big thing that's coming to like,
basically we're going to be able to render
your project without the virtual dom.
And the performance boosts on this
are supposed to be quite promising,
benchmark wise, because the whole idea
is that you're supposed to be able to
differentiate when a value actually is
going to touch a template like the tree
versus just a value that's in
some sort of dependency tree.
I know Evan and the team have done
a lot of granular work to figure out
ways to really make sure that you don't
get random triggering of re rendering and
that kind of thing.
So again, for those who want to be very
forward facing and keep up to date with
the laser and graders, definitely follow
VUE Vapor to find what everyone's doing.
It's pretty cool.
Is that what the audience
member was asking about?
>> Speaker 1: That's exactly
what they were asking.
And they said they face
this a lot in React.
>> Ben Hong: [LAUGH] Yeah,
it's unfortunate, [LAUGH].
Yeah, one of the things that we see
a lot of frameworks doing these days is
honestly, if you've looked at angular,
solid, svelte, it does seem like a lot of
the modern frameworks are starting to
converge in terms of the ideas, and
they seem to agree in terms
of reactivity principles.
Angular jumped on board with this too.
So if Angular Solid Vue,
I think Svelte's on here too,
I think all four are on
board with Signals.
So that's basically an agreed
reactivity approach.
And then there is this general sense that
computed, which is a derived part of
state that has built in memoization and
then optimizations in it is a key part,
because as developers,
that's what we're doing half the time.
We have a single source of truth.
We derive stuff.
We don't really want to have to
deal with the memoization and
the caching that deals in that we
have other things to worry about.
And so, I think if you're looking at the
proposals on the web or TC39 and stuff,
there's a native Signals proposal, but
then within the individual frameworks,
I think Angular right now is calling
it Link Signals, I think Solid did too.
But it's really cool to see a lot of these
frameworks starting to centralize and
kind of agree on what is
the best practice for the web.
So that is super exciting.